My dear officers,
The Great East Japan War has occurred in the history of Japan since the time of the Great East Japan War in the year 2614.
It is not yet possible to say that it has a significant significance in the past.
After the Great East Japan War,
The Great East Japan War was the reason for the opening of the Japanese airfield.
There is no better than the glory of the 100 million people.
The Great East Japan War was the cause of the great war.
On December 8th, 100, the Great East Japan War was the cause of the great war.
Since the first three wars, our army, which was in great danger of being destroyed,
has been in a state of emergency.
The war has been going on for three years.
The Great East Japan War has already been under the control of the Japanese military.
We have been in a state of emergency,
and we have been in a state of emergency,
In other words, in the land,
Hong Kong, Manila, Malay, Singapore,
and the former Lanyan Islands,
we have conquered the southern flak, the enemy base of the Ikuta,
in a very small way.
In the sea,
we have started the Hawaii-Malay War,
and we have destroyed the enemy battleships of the Ikuta,
which were